[CORE] Ability Types.  Ability types determine what shapes they can take.
  - Projectile.  Creates something that moves, and interacts with the world.
  - Laser.  Instant firing.  Affects everything instantly.
  - Construct.  Creates something in a square in the world
  - Shield.  Creates a shield that will interact with enemy attacks when they would hit in the shield's vicinity.

Projectile: {
  [CORE] Shape.  Determines what shape the projectile takes.
      - Single shot.  Shoots one bullet.
      - Tri-shot.  Shoots three bullets at the same time.
      - Triple shot.  Shoots three bullets, one after the other.
      - Swarm.  Shoots a series of bullets that start moving backwards and accelerate forwards
  [CORE] Contact Effect: {
    None,
    Bounce,
    Pierce,
    Explodes
  }
  Hit Effect {
    damage,
    poison (hits again at end of round, may last multiple rounds),
    Creation of secondary projectile,
  }
  Accuracy (constant or degrading across multiple bullets)
  Damage
}


EXAMPLES;
Piercing shot (deals its damage to each unit it passes through, up to X units)
Penetrating shot (has a total amount of damage.  If it kills the first unit, it continues)
Exploding shot (AoE damage)
Scatter shot (When it hits something, several smaller projectiles fall out of it backwards)
(When it hits something, it releases a smattering of smaller shots moving in the same direction as it that pierce through the initial target)

Grenade (throw it)

Team Oriented Ideas
Player-based perks.
  "extra damage to enemies closer to you."
  "extra damage to enemies farther away"
  "extra damage to enemies on the left / right"
Spells that buff other players
  - Zones that increase the amount of damage your shots deal.
  - Zones that split balls when they pass through them.
  - Zone.  If you pass through it,
  - Polymorph.  Turn enemies into much smaller squares that are easier to
Spells that create Shield Blockers
Spells that have a super wide spread to chip away at stuff close to the bottom
Force the enemies backwards
Powerup / buffing spells always go first
Status effect zones -- if enemies move into them, they can't fire, or lose some health
Freeze one lane
Blocks that stop a lane from progressing until it gets broken
A spell that creates a portal through a column of blocks
Enemies that have a preferred player.  They take less damage from all other players

Block ideas;
Enemies that spin every turn
Enemies that deal extra damage
A larger enemy that is invulnerable, but has one weak point that you have to kill
An enemy that if you kill the enemies around it, it moves faster
Enemies that shoot every turn
Enemies with energy shields -- temporary health that recovers every turn
Smoke -- Players can't see inside of it.  Smoke disperses when an ability passes through it.

Spell ideas;
Doom spell -- hit a block.  In 3 turns it explodes
